Gravity sensor: Adding release estimation date (#4975)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/generic-sensor/index.md

[`GravitySensor`](https://w3c.github.io/accelerometer/#gravitysensor-interface) returns the effect
of acceleration along the device's X, Y, and Z axis due to gravity.

> {% Aside %} GravitySensor is expected to start shipping in Chrome 91. {% endAside %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
  `GravitySensor` is expected to start shipping in Chrome&nbsp;91.
{% endAside %}
```

[`GravitySensor`](https://w3c.github.io/accelerometer/#gravitysensor-interface) returns the effect
of acceleration along the device's X, Y, and Z axis due to gravity.

{% Aside %}

>   `GravitySensor` is expected to start shipping in Chrome&nbsp;91.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `GravitySensor` is expected to ship in Chrome&nbsp;91.
```
